oh boy a slump down he's just starting
on for the pole at income silent first
time in check will now go this will slow
down feeding
oh yeah the Trump which the supports out
here alumina blast will only hit their
own mad najir there's a dragon
tails done grape chill try swamp down
the Tennyson it will go bad
though just enjoying it and that's all
this up to there's a lot of damage here
he's gonna be of a haste proven he died
instantly oh and the hold that thought
he's gonna die there oh if you do that
middle lane yeah d me I'm gonna get
stunned up that's a long supporting golf
like he doesn't blast just yet the
attack emoji it's gonna dump Santa turns
around demons get a live on 6 hp
all the rotation there they're coming in
here a demon there in the neighborhood
if they get a killer for this awesome he
fears level 6 on 20p academic damage ah
they do Oh heading up in towards the
middle Wayne actually Oh deepest
disruption atoms uh oh runs away a
little bit faster buckle charts going to
go to and he's dead what I mean is that
if whispers not on the map it's still
gonna have in fact and you know what now
that it's on the map is about to get
killed yeah silence already slow down
look at her smiling block from bamboo
working beautifully Kim you're moving up
and down so silently Cudi can get
yourself a round back can there she hold
him in and they're gonna be the corner
they've got him in a corner is gonna
find his way out here baby just rose
another says spires absolutely beautiful
go back is dead yeah too far out geo is
already a position that the tender can
happen is only fear coming just by
himself
they get exposure the door elastin won't
bamboo saw follows up with a stunt and
they got enough damage to kill bamboo
wall push your backs to the vision and
brew mother she killed off by the creep
wave that was dead
if he's coming bottom line the alumina
just a little bit too too late and
sashka out of link itself it gets a last
thing that he spanner is like an old G
old position that gets a store-bought
the millions just keep doing the damage
oh my gosh change that no no no I don't
think he's dead actually crew the heels
gonna sit oh no there's a demon demon
was rotating in throws out the altie
we're going bottom line searching for
silent both horse Pierce managed to hit
six seconds I've got left to get this
kill he moves very fast cuz that walk
right so first time with a breath and
now tennis Oh she gonna wear off and now
he's about is going yeah there's your
last sir picked up demon and they're
gonna kill him up very quickly already
drop see all the end they do get to kill
the Bloodseeker
oh he got geo and fuzzy trying to open
up on him he does not meet Altman about
ball he put the improvement out in the
width and asking me gia he will go down
oh gee that's a lot of money guess the
cam is way your tether himself over to
bamboo in the meantime demon on the run
from man but now he turns around
sila man the store but will fly
holding him up like you make it hold it
and they do why this is now a second
agus be Lord or give me from eg to
contact with no contest at home 22
minutes here in his keeper of the ladies
girl went back to his name and he's got
a ship stick that's kind of thinking a
while to digest Oh digest this man each
is coming in to initiate four star
diamond peak a feast radiant the last
sir who's actually found but it what the
hell since Oscar I think I was filing it
now what that's going to help them out
and then all of a sudden Luna blast
whisk or death this will be for the
price of the anger see more as well as
the bat wire the goal boy he stood up
this gently great children teenagers the
only out for fuzzy they cannot finish up
demon quick rotation in for the t to
town the mid and they gonna find for all
if I hunting I'm digging the ultimate
now a demon he's just as ground and
that's reason why to you and fear they
TP themselves max I'm just tries to hold
the ground and not going to work
familiar with the truck couldn't get
there in time to act
like the trouble baby right pilot flame
break down some back they fill one there
we go horse off bamboo nice stunt coming
up and yet they were able to take him
down with one point where quick so with
that said the tower the top tier three
at the top lane will be going down also
and this is eg ski to walk into the best
these familiars about to come back up
again either they get firmed up all the
righteous keeps going down there goes
your impetus bamboo evades one with
already throwing out the manta style
modification another bubble for
qualities of outcomes Oscar he actually
gets a blink glassy water demon Bremen
range the default out the BJP lets him
live not to mention some he has to stand
still yeah they want they want congee
and Fonzie is like 70 gold away from
having it and now he's inside the oldie
flame brake push the back now in comes
the risk Portman they're giving a shot
fuzzy he will die during this one he
kind of prism something as your side the
entire time demon was on that job the
Quantic they were really hoping to find
somebody out here but there's a rating
observer Ward and because they really
lost again cause they have all jump in
Denver my still on here miss gonna waste
alone with pkb but whisperings and help
geo inside the frost dragon form
something comes to fiber begins that one
especially when plotting it throws out
the old man Fonzie throw down here but
there's still too many years with too
much light points The Wiz bold he will
take him out the gold let's go to go
down as well brew mother with a double
kill yes this is really I almost be like
eegees joins YouTube and demonstrate
there is Gigi I almost feel like eegees
demonstrating a potential new strategy
now to with the dragon like this is this
is really fantastic the ability of
rupture to just control carries that
require mobility of course I blame
styling a little bit because he keeps
chasing after the Bloodseeker every team
fight he should have gone for that stunt
the stunt target which was the mother in
that fight but regardless he just he's a
middle-aged hero and he takes too much
damage moving around so he can't do
anything
you